README.md, before:

LiquidFun Rust
==============

Rust bindings for [LiquidFun](https://github.com/google/liquidfun/).

* Model LiquidFun C++ API as closely as possible in idiomatic Rust.
* Documentation for C++ API should be usable for Rust API.
* Document places where Rust API varries from C++ API.

[Documentation](http://rjanicek.github.io/liquidfun-rust/liquidfun/)

[LiquidFun Programmer's Guide](https://google.github.io/liquidfun/Programmers-Guide.html)

[LiquidFun C++ API Documentation](https://google.github.io/liquidfun/API-Ref.html)

[Cargo Crate](https://crates.io/crates/liquidfun/)

Usage
-----
First, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
liquidfun = "*"
```

Next, add this to your crate root:

```rust
extern crate liquidfun;
```

Example
-------

```rust
extern crate liquidfun;

use liquidfun::box2d::common::math::*;
use liquidfun::box2d::dynamics::world::*;

#[test]
fn hello_world() {

	// Define the gravity vector.
	let gravity = Vec2::new(0.0, -10.0);

	// Construct a world object, which will hold and simulate the rigid bodies.
	let mut world = World::new(&gravity);
	assert_eq!(gravity, world.get_gravity());

}

```

Status
------

The LiquidFun Hello World example compiles and runs. More bindings will be added as needed by projects that depend on LiquidFun Rust.

#### TODO:

- [ ] Determine whether C bindings for upcasts/downcasts are really necessary
- [ ] Callbacks
- [ ] Fixture RayCast
- [ ] ContactFilter
- [ ] Queries
- [ ] Rope
- [ ] Some sort of magic to generate Rust `const`s based on the contents of `b2Settings.h` (cause they're used as fixed array bounds in must be `const`)
- [ ] General API fleshing
- [ ] Other stuff?

Thank You
---------
Erin Catto for [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/Box2D)

Google for [LiquidFun](https://github.com/google/liquidfun)

Nicolas Silva for [box2d.rs](https://github.com/nical/box2d.rs)

Commit message:

Change API to encapsulate wrapped pointers

README.md, after:

LiquidFun Rust
==============

Rust bindings for [LiquidFun](https://github.com/google/liquidfun/).

* Model LiquidFun C++ API as closely as possible in idiomatic Rust.
* Documentation for C++ API should be usable for Rust API.
* Document places where Rust API varries from C++ API.

[Documentation](http://rjanicek.github.io/liquidfun-rust/liquidfun/)

[LiquidFun Programmer's Guide](https://google.github.io/liquidfun/Programmers-Guide.html)

[LiquidFun C++ API Documentation](https://google.github.io/liquidfun/API-Ref.html)

[Cargo Crate](https://crates.io/crates/liquidfun/)

Usage
-----
First, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
liquidfun = "*"
```

Next, add this to your crate root:

```rust
extern crate liquidfun;
```

Example
-------

```rust
extern crate liquidfun;

use liquidfun::box2d::common::math::*;
use liquidfun::box2d::dynamics::world::*;

#[test]
fn hello_world() {

	// Define the gravity vector.
	let gravity = Vec2::new(0.0, -10.0);

	// Construct a world object, which will hold and simulate the rigid bodies.
	let mut world = World::new(&gravity);
	assert_eq!(gravity, world.get_gravity());

}

```

Status
------

The LiquidFun Hello World example compiles and runs. More bindings will be added as needed by projects that depend on LiquidFun Rust.

#### TODO:

- [ ] Determine whether C bindings for upcasts/downcasts are really necessary
- [ ] Make sure that `*mut _` in wrapped structs are really okay (because they can trivially alias)
- [ ] Callbacks
- [ ] Fixture RayCast
- [ ] ContactFilter
- [ ] Queries
- [ ] Rope
- [ ] Some sort of magic to generate Rust `const`s based on the contents of `b2Settings.h` (cause they're used as fixed array bounds and must be `const`)
- [ ] General API fleshing
- [ ] Other stuff?

Thank You
---------
Erin Catto for [Box2D](https://github.com/erincatto/Box2D)

Google for [LiquidFun](https://github.com/google/liquidfun)

Nicolas Silva for [box2d.rs](https://github.com/nical/box2d.rs)
